.github/TODO.md, before:

# TODO
- [ ] /etc/profile.d/xdg.sh [see issue #3](https://github.com/orleanski/dotfiles/issues/3#issue-806949413)
- [ ] .config/X11/.xinitrc
- [ ] .config/X11/.Xauthority

## BACKLOG
- [ ] /etc/bash/bashrc
- [ ] /etc/zsh/zshenv
- [ ] .config/wgetrc <- changes are made in /etc/wgetrc (other options see [#12](https://github.com/orleanski/dotfiles/issues/12))

also, please see [issues](https://github.com/orleanski/dotfiles/issues) with some ideas

## DONE

installation script is ready and tested several times see [README](README.md)

- [x] Github CI attained

### configs are ready to be used and some changes are still going to occur, so keep tuned

- [x] .config/ag
- [x] .config/allacritty
- [x] .config/bash
- [x] .config/git
- [x] .config/htop
- [x] .config/less
- [x] .config/neofetch
- [x] .config/nvim
- [x] .config/readline
- [x] .config/tmux
- [x] .config/todo
- [x] .config/vim with vim-plug auto-install
- [x] .config/yadm
- [x] .config/zsh
- [x] .config/starship.toml
- [x] .config/user-dirs.conf
- [x] .config/user-dirs.dirs <- changes are made in /etc/xdg/user-dirs.defaults
- [x] .config/user-dirs.locale

Commit message:

added i3 for todo and sidenote on starship for bash

.github/TODO.md, after:

# TODO
- [ ] /etc/profile.d/xdg.sh [see issue #3](https://github.com/orleanski/dotfiles/issues/3#issue-806949413)
- [ ] .config/X11/.xinitrc
- [ ] .config/X11/.Xauthority
- [ ] .config/i3/
- [ ] .config/i3status/

## BACKLOG
- [ ] /etc/bash/bashrc
- [ ] /etc/zsh/zshenv
- [ ] .config/wgetrc <- changes are made in /etc/wgetrc (other options see [#12](https://github.com/orleanski/dotfiles/issues/12))
- [ ] .config/nvim/ convert vim -> lua based config

also, please see [issues](https://github.com/orleanski/dotfiles/issues) with some ideas

## DONE

installation script is ready and tested several times see [README](README.md)

- [x] Github CI attained

### configs are ready to be used and some changes are still going to occur, so keep tuned

- [x] .config/ag
- [x] .config/allacritty
- [x] .config/bash with no emojis starship or classical prompt (one line comment in the config)
- [x] .config/git
- [x] .config/htop
- [x] .config/less
- [x] .config/neofetch
- [x] .config/nvim
- [x] .config/readline
- [x] .config/tmux
- [x] .config/todo
- [x] .config/vim with vim-plug auto-install
- [x] .config/yadm
- [x] .config/zsh
- [x] .config/starship.toml
- [x] .config/user-dirs.conf
- [x] .config/user-dirs.dirs <- changes are made in /etc/xdg/user-dirs.defaults
- [x] .config/user-dirs.locale
